chore: add documentation for password change feature (#1711)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/building/concepts/access.md

{{< figure src="login-mobile.png" link="login-mobile.png" class="left col-3 col-lg-3" >}}

{{< figure src="login-desktop.png" link="login-desktop.png" class="right col-8 col-lg-8" >}}

### Password reset on first login

Added in 4.16.0.

> To enhance the security of CHT applicationsI, users logging in for the first time are encouraged to change the password provided by the system administrator to their own strong password. 

Reviewer: To enhance the security of CHT applications, users logging in for the first time, or who have had their password reset, are prompted to change the password provided by the system administrator to their own strong password.

{{< figure src="password-change.png" link="password-change.png" class="col-12 col-lg-12" >}}

> This feature will be enabled by default because it encourages best practices. However, only new users will be prompted to go through this flow or those users which the system administration has reset their password.  Projects can disable this feature by enabling the can_skip_password_change permission. 

Reviewer: Projects can disable this feature by enabling the can_skip_password_change permission.

{{< figure src="login-mobile.png" link="login-mobile.png" class="left col-3 col-lg-3" >}}

{{< figure src="login-desktop.png" link="login-desktop.png" class="right col-8 col-lg-8" >}}

### Password reset on first login

> Added in 4.16.0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Added in 4.16.0.**
```

Author: Thank you! I've added all the suggestions

To enhance the security of CHT applications, users logging in for the first time, or who have had their password reset, are prompted to change the password provided by the system administrator to their own strong password.

{{< figure src="password-change.png" link="password-change.png" class="col-12 col-lg-12" >}}

> This feature will be enabled by default because it encourages best practices. However, only new users will be prompted to go through this flow or those users which the system administration has reset their password. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This feature will be enabled by default because it encourages best practices. However, only new users will be prompted to go through this flow or those users whose passwords have been reset by the system administration. 
```

> This feature will be enabled by default because it encourages best practices. However, only new users will be prompted to go through this flow or those users whose passwords have been reset by the system administration. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This feature is enabled by default because it encourages best practices. However, only new users will be prompted to go through this flow or those users whose passwords have been reset by the system administration. 
```

Projects can disable this feature by enabling the `can_skip_password_change` permission.

> Subsequent logins won’t require a password change – if the app closes before changing the password, the user will be prompted again when they reopen it. If a user is unable to update their password they won’t be able to access the app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Subsequent logins won’t require a password change – if the app closes before changing the password, the user will be prompted again when they reopen it. If a user is unable to update their password, they won’t be able to access the app.
```
